She's a sarcastic belly-dancing former first lady with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's an orphaned nymphomaniac mermaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a strong-willed Bolivian Valkyrie with an incredible destiny. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop museum curator from Mars. 
She's a sarcastic French-Canadian femme fatale in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a disco-crazy mutant opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's an elegant gypsy mercenary with someone else's memories. 
She's a green-fingered psychic museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's an elegant green-skinned research scientist with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant hypochondriac pearl diver with a flame-thrower. 
She's an elegant tempestuous archaeologist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a disco-crazy gypsy hooker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cold-hearted cat-loving hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a blind junkie journalist from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a strong-willed antique-collecting soap star trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a plucky cigar-chomping nun operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a blind paranoid snake charmer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a vivacious French-Canadian nun prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a warm-hearted tempestuous safe cracker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty single mother living on borrowed time. 
She's a manipulative impetuous snake charmer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an elegant snooty bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cynical mute mermaid from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted mutant single mother in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a strong-willed bisexual archaeologist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a hard-bitten mutant cab driver from a different time and place. 
She's a psychotic tomboy journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a vivacious impetuous detective trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a plucky French-Canadian mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a warm-hearted tempestuous soap star operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a man-hating wisecracking opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a violent African-American soap star from out of town. 
She's a supernatural green-skinned soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a disco-crazy paranoid opera singer living on borrowed time. 
She's a hard-bitten mutant mercenary who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a virginal green-skinned journalist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting barmaid with only herself to blame. 
She's a mentally unstable cigar-chomping wrestler from out of town. 
She's a disco-crazy psychic Hell's Angel from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking wisecracking snake charmer from Mars. 
She's a transdimensional motormouth barmaid from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a chain-smoking blonde queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping politician with only herself to blame. 
She's a disco-crazy communist widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a mistrustful blonde widow operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a time-travelling bisexual cab driver in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a psychotic tempestuous widow with only herself to blame. 
She's an elegant punk politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a radical hip-hop Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. 