she's a beautiful antique-collecting pearl diver who dreams of becoming Elvis. They fight crime!
she's a bloodthirsty red-headed bodyguard from a secret island of warrior women. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered thirtysomething mermaid married to the Mob. They fight crime!
she's a strong-willed hypochondriac politician with only herself to blame. They fight crime!
she's a psychotic blonde archaeologist in the witness protection scheme. They fight crime!
she's a provocative renegade femme fatale who don't take no shit from nobody. They fight crime!
she's a mentally unstable psychic schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places. They fight crime!
she's a man-hating extravagent journalist with an MBA from Harvard. They fight crime!
she's an orphaned tomboy opera singer in the wrong place at the wrong time. They fight crime!
she's a foxy mutant barmaid looking for love in all the wrong places. They fight crime!
she's a foxy red-headed safe cracker from beyond the grave They fight crime!
she's a psychotic Buddhist doctor with an evil twin sister. They fight crime!
she's a foxy kleptomaniac stripper in the witness protection scheme. They fight crime!
she's a virginal tomboy detective operating on the wrong side of the law. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered belly-dancing schoolgirl with the power to see death. They fight crime!
she's a sarcastic gypsy fairy princess from a different time and place. They fight crime!
she's a man-hating snooty museum curator from a secret island of warrior women. They fight crime!
she's an enchanted winged doctor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. They fight crime!
she's a blind cat-loving college professor descended from a line of powerful witches. They fight crime!
she's a brilliant communist cab driver who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's an orphaned antique-collecting fairy princess with an incredible destiny. They fight crime!
she's an enchanted bisexual stripper who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. They fight crime!
she's a radical green-skinned wrestler in the witness protection scheme. They fight crime!
she's a blind streetsmart cab driver on the trail of a serial killer. They fight crime!
she's an artistic extravagent opera singer from beyond the grave They fight crime!
she's a brilliant impetuous college professor from Mars. They fight crime!
she's a cynical impetuous politician looking for love in all the wrong places. They fight crime!
she's a supernatural gypsy mermaid who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's a supernatural French-Canadian barmaid who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's a wealthy goth wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world. They fight crime!
she's a disco-crazy paranoid college professor descended from a line of powerful witches. They fight crime!
she's a man-hating French-Canadian bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show. They fight crime!
she's a vivacious hip-hop opera singer who can talk to animals. They fight crime!
she's a warm-hearted cigar-chomping journalist from a different time and place. They fight crime!
she's a sharp-shooting gypsy doctor from a different time and place. They fight crime!
she's a ditzy goth wrestler from out of town. They fight crime!
she's a foxy French-Canadian bodyguard with only herself to blame. They fight crime!
she's a manipulative gold-digging bounty hunter with the soul of a mighty warrior. They fight crime!
she's a scantily clad hip-hop socialite trying to make a difference in a man's world. They fight crime!
she's an elegant punk hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. They fight crime!
she's a disco-crazy French-Canadian widow who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered impetuous Valkyrie on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. They fight crime!
she's a supernatural mutant opera singer with an MBA from Harvard. They fight crime!
she's a mistrustful communist cab driver with the soul of a mighty warrior. They fight crime!
she's a provocative motormouth mercenary from Mars. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered red-headed advertising executive operating on the wrong side of the law. They fight crime!
she's a transdimensional mute opera singer from a family of eight older brothers. They fight crime!
she's a green-fingered thirtysomething vampire who don't take no shit from nobody. They fight crime!
she's a radical extravagent widow with an evil twin sister. They fight crime!
she's a ditzy red-headed nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. They fight crime!
