She's an enchanted wisecracking pearl diver living on borrowed time. 
She's a green-fingered mutant widow prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an orphaned tomboy hooker with an incredible destiny. 
She's a radical wisecracking vampire with an incredible destiny. 
She's a mentally unstable tempestuous advertising executive in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cynical wisecracking femme fatale with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical psychic bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a time-travelling African-American detective with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking French-Canadian magician's assistant with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a beautiful nymphomaniac doctor with an incredible destiny. 
She's a blind Buddhist mercenary living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic green-skinned opera singer from Mars. 
She's a psychotic streetsmart bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a manipulative communist femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a supernatural kleptomaniac widow from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking hip-hop snake charmer who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a psychotic hip-hop mechanic from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a cosmopolitan goth politician married to the Mob. 
She's a mentally unstable French-Canadian museum curator living on borrowed time. 
She's a man-hating Bolivian magician's assistant who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a cosmopolitan junkie safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a hard-bitten impetuous barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking communist advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a radical gold-digging fairy princess with a knack for trouble. 
She's a mistrustful streetsmart journalist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an orphaned snooty detective in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious impetuous wrestler looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant insomniac schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a scantily clad winged barmaid with only herself to blame. 
She's an elegant blonde femme fatale in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething hooker on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a foxy thirtysomething nun with only herself to blame. 
She's a sarcastic paranoid soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a disco-crazy goth snake charmer looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a time-travelling punk bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an elegant African-American queen of the dead trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a strong-willed African-American advertising executive with an evil twin sister. 
She's a virginal cat-loving schoolgirl who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a cynical junkie single mother in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a provocative winged safe cracker from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a violent nymphomaniac traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's a brilliant streetsmart stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious winged traffic cop from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted belly-dancing cab driver who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a hard-bitten punk soap star with an incredible destiny. 
She's a plucky goth lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a blind cat-loving soap star on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous mermaid who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a manipulative bisexual fairy princess who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a strong-willed impetuous Valkyrie prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
