She's a man-hating out-of-work stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a man-hating motormouth archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a mentally unstable green-skinned magician's assistant who can talk to animals.
She's a beautiful renegade wrestler married to the Mob.
She's a cosmopolitan foul-mouthed bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a vivacious communist fairy princess fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking impetuous opera singer with an evil twin sister.
She's an enchanted tomboy museum curator from beyond the grave
She's a beautiful out-of-work nun with a knack for trouble.
She's a supernatural cat-loving opera singer trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a cold-hearted Bolivian mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's a brilliant bisexual lawyer in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a mistrustful hypochondriac doctor from out of town.
She's a ditzy red-headed journalist operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a hard-bitten hip-hop archaeologist with an evil twin sister.
She's a hard-bitten out-of-work femme fatale who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting antique-collecting Valkyrie with the power to see death.
She's an elegant impetuous mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a foxy insomniac mechanic from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a strong-willed tomboy archaeologist with an incredible destiny.
She's a cynical winged magician's assistant with someone else's memories.
She's a bloodthirsty thirtysomething hooker with someone else's memories.
She's a man-hating French-Canadian queen of the dead who can talk to animals.
She's a cold-hearted gypsy bodyguard descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a mistrustful streetsmart archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
She's a sarcastic French-Canadian hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a man-hating hip-hop soap star with an evil twin sister.
She's a blind blonde angel who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac cab driver fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a cold-hearted French-Canadian single mother from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a hard-bitten foul-mouthed mermaid with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a foxy foul-mouthed hooker with an incredible destiny.
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's an elegant streetsmart pearl diver from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking mercenary with only herself to blame.
She's a mistrustful snooty magician's assistant with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a transdimensional mute traffic cop with an incredible destiny.
She's a chain-smoking red-headed magician's assistant with an evil twin sister.
She's a radical tempestuous nun from a different time and place.
She's a blind out-of-work mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac bounty hunter from beyond the grave
She's a plucky goth single mother with a knack for trouble.
She's a supernatural tempestuous vampire looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a sarcastic psychic mermaid living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a sharp-shooting motormouth wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a sharp-shooting foul-mouthed college professor living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a supernatural renegade cab driver from beyond the grave
She's a ditzy mutant safe cracker from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a radical renegade bounty hunter married to the Mob.
