She's a sarcastic foul-mouthed bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an enchanted insomniac politician with a knack for trouble.
She's an elegant insomniac mechanic in the witness protection scheme.
She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a green-fingered insomniac research scientist with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a strong-willed renegade opera singer living on borrowed time.
She's a cold-hearted blonde safe cracker from out of town.
She's a cynical Buddhist mermaid with only herself to blame.
She's a scantily clad renegade Valkyrie from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a time-travelling foul-mouthed fairy princess with the power to see death.
She's a virginal hypochondriac archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a hard-bitten communist mechanic married to the Mob.
She's a vivacious insomniac stripper with an evil twin sister.
She's a cynical hypochondriac former first lady with a knack for trouble.
She's a hard-bitten thirtysomething stripper who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a virginal gypsy mercenary from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a warm-hearted motormouth pearl diver from out of town.
She's a chain-smoking French-Canadian single mother with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a mistrustful impetuous femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a transdimensional tempestuous Hell's Angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a scantily clad cat-loving barmaid with an incredible destiny.
She's a warm-hearted hip-hop bodyguard from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a vivacious communist hooker with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a high-kicking mute opera singer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a hard-bitten winged queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a supernatural wisecracking barmaid from a different time and place.
She's a ditzy wisecracking opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's an enchanted gypsy fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a green-fingered hip-hop single mother descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a strong-willed blonde hooker who can talk to animals.
She's a cold-hearted African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a chain-smoking nymphomaniac vampire with an incredible destiny.
She's an artistic kleptomaniac advertising executive with only herself to blame.
She's a chain-smoking tomboy hooker with an evil twin sister.
She's a high-kicking streetsmart lawyer from out of town.
She's a green-fingered African-American politician with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a hard-bitten snooty research scientist who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She's an orphaned psychic museum curator from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a ditzy African-American femme fatale with an evil twin sister.
She's a disco-crazy out-of-work Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a beautiful African-American snake charmer from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a violent belly-dancing museum curator with a flame-thrower.
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed advertising executive from out of town.
She's a mentally unstable gypsy barmaid with an incredible destiny.
She's a disco-crazy thirtysomething college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a man-hating Bolivian vampire from a different time and place.
She's a sharp-shooting streetsmart advertising executive from out of town.
She's a tortured motormouth college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's an orphaned streetsmart barmaid on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a mentally unstable cigar-chomping wrestler on the trail of a serial killer.