She's an orphaned punk schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a vivacious paranoid nun from a different time and place. 
She's a mentally unstable punk advertising executive with someone else's memories. 
She's a cold-hearted gypsy college professor from Mars. 
She's a scantily clad green-skinned hooker from out of town. 
She's a supernatural foul-mouthed nun with a flame-thrower. 
She's a violent winged research scientist with someone else's memories. 
She's a mistrustful gold-digging Valkyrie with an incredible destiny. 
She's an artistic cat-loving schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a supernatural renegade opera singer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a supernatural gold-digging safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual lawyer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a plucky insomniac vampire trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a high-kicking psychic snake charmer with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a ditzy goth soap star with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant extravagent schoolgirl looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a wealthy renegade nun from out of town. 
She's a mistrustful cigar-chomping mermaid from a different time and place. 
She's a cold-hearted extravagent hooker with a flame-thrower. 
She's an artistic nymphomaniac journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a bloodthirsty mutant detective from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's an enchanted renegade pearl diver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a radical mute snake charmer with a flame-thrower. 
She's a radical blonde doctor with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a manipulative wisecracking socialite with someone else's memories. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac detective from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural gold-digging politician who can talk to animals. 
She's an artistic tempestuous single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a blind green-skinned stripper living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a sharp-shooting green-skinned detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a transdimensional mutant bodyguard in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cosmopolitan motormouth snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a man-hating impetuous pearl diver in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a disco-crazy gold-digging cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's a blind nymphomaniac magician's assistant from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten belly-dancing barmaid trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a hard-bitten paranoid single mother from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful bisexual vampire operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging mechanic who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a radical green-skinned barmaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a foxy gypsy mermaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a scantily clad winged pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a mentally unstable nymphomaniac snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a provocative green-skinned safe cracker married to the Mob. 
She's a green-fingered communist vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a high-kicking gold-digging vampire with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative punk magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's an orphaned insomniac queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac advertising executive from Mars. 
