 She's a high-kicking streetsmart stripper who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a bloodthirsty cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
 She's a bloodthirsty cat-loving lawyer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a sarcastic hypochondriac opera singer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a mentally unstable renegade bodyguard married to the Mob.
 She's a high-kicking thirtysomething fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting queen of the dead with the power to see death.
 She's a ditzy cat-loving Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock.
 She's a transdimensional mute research scientist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a sharp-shooting cat-loving mechanic who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a radical gypsy journalist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a sharp-shooting hip-hop nun married to the Mob.
 She's a blind Buddhist bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a vivacious thirtysomething safe cracker operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a psychotic French-Canadian former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 She's an artistic extravagent college professor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a mentally unstable hip-hop socialite who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a pregnant winged schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a beautiful red-headed mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a beautiful kleptomaniac mercenary who can talk to animals.
 She's a provocative tempestuous Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a cold-hearted mutant college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a scantily clad blonde journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a sharp-shooting tomboy mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 She's a mistrustful punk advertising executive from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a plucky red-headed advertising executive descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a ditzy gold-digging barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a transdimensional gypsy fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a strong-willed red-headed soap star in the wrong place at the wrong time.
 She's a radical motormouth stripper with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
 She's a vivacious cat-loving fairy princess in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a sarcastic blonde politician with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 She's a warm-hearted out-of-work widow who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a provocative red-headed traffic cop who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting mercenary with only herself to blame.
 She's a mentally unstable tomboy archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
 She's a scantily clad out-of-work angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
 She's a ditzy bisexual opera singer operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's an artistic blonde wrestler from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a vivacious blonde research scientist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a pregnant African-American research scientist living on borrowed time.
 She's a pregnant goth lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a scantily clad hypochondriac detective with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy cat-loving soap star on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a wealthy streetsmart Hell's Angel with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy cat-loving bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a man-hating extravagent magician's assistant with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
 She's a provocative mute fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a wealthy bisexual Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis.
