She's a tortured punk mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a radical gypsy research scientist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a provocative red-headed magician's assistant with an incredible destiny.
She's a vivacious hip-hop safe cracker with only herself to blame.
She's a hard-bitten gold-digging archaeologist from Mars.
She's a high-kicking insomniac socialite in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a man-hating insomniac stripper who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a blind insomniac cab driver with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a psychotic junkie schoolgirl from out of town.
She's a scantily clad Buddhist politician with someone else's memories.
She's a pregnant winged archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's a green-fingered belly-dancing former first lady in the witness protection scheme.
She's a blind African-American Hell's Angel living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a tortured French-Canadian bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a blind tomboy socialite in the witness protection scheme.
She's a supernatural punk magician's assistant on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a psychotic renegade traffic cop with a knack for trouble.
She's a hard-bitten cat-loving politician with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a high-kicking tempestuous doctor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a cosmopolitan insomniac research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a strong-willed punk former first lady trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a warm-hearted mutant bounty hunter looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a psychotic insomniac research scientist from Mars.
She's a foxy mute barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a provocative winged archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a bloodthirsty extravagent widow living on borrowed time.
She's a psychotic blonde detective with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a hard-bitten hypochondriac archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a chain-smoking green-skinned angel with an evil twin sister.
She's a vivacious Bolivian Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing wrestler in the witness protection scheme.
She's a disco-crazy extravagent femme fatale with an evil twin sister.
She's a cynical nymphomaniac bodyguard married to the Mob.
She's an orphaned impetuous fairy princess with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a blind snooty doctor fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a sarcastic red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a cold-hearted Bolivian college professor with only herself to blame.
She's a time-travelling tempestuous college professor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's an elegant hip-hop detective on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a violent cat-loving fairy princess on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a blind extravagent magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a green-fingered winged mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a scantily clad tomboy nun who can talk to animals.
She's a blind foul-mouthed wrestler from Mars.
She's a pregnant cat-loving lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a psychotic cat-loving nun on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a mentally unstable communist mechanic in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a radical tempestuous journalist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a cosmopolitan mutant stripper with someone else's memories.
She's an artistic tomboy advertising executive trying to make a difference in a man's world.
