She's an artistic thirtysomething mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a scantily clad tempestuous former first lady with only herself to blame. 
She's a blind French-Canadian nun with an incredible destiny. 
She's a man-hating renegade widow with only herself to blame. 
She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping detective operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a plucky Buddhist detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a high-kicking kleptomaniac hooker from a different time and place. 
She's a disco-crazy communist college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a mentally unstable motormouth mechanic with someone else's memories. 
She's a cold-hearted hypochondriac queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a violent bisexual college professor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a hard-bitten Bolivian schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a violent green-skinned widow in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a pregnant punk museum curator who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an elegant belly-dancing fairy princess with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural hypochondriac research scientist looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a tortured hip-hop angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a sharp-shooting nymphomaniac bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a time-travelling paranoid cab driver married to the Mob. 
She's a foxy thirtysomething safe cracker who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an elegant cat-loving nun with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a high-kicking tempestuous museum curator with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking doctor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a cynical African-American safe cracker with a flame-thrower. 
She's a tortured blonde queen of the dead with an evil twin sister. 
She's a green-fingered renegade mercenary from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted snooty traffic cop who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling green-skinned cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a vivacious paranoid mechanic descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's an artistic psychic hooker from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething politician with the power to see death. 
She's an elegant cigar-chomping museum curator with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a psychotic snooty single mother with a flame-thrower. 
She's a brilliant junkie bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a radical punk archaeologist looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a warm-hearted hypochondriac soap star from beyond the grave 
She's a pregnant extravagent soap star from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a disco-crazy insomniac barmaid with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a virginal impetuous mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's a wealthy insomniac journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a foxy mutant Valkyrie who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's an enchanted mutant former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's an elegant communist fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an artistic African-American widow from Mars. 
She's a sarcastic blonde Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting wisecracking soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural paranoid bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a man-hating gypsy widow from a family of eight older brothers. 