She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist hooker from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a tortured motormouth widow married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant punk college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a radical psychic magician's assistant with only herself to blame. 
She's a manipulative mute research scientist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's an enchanted wisecracking research scientist with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a bloodthirsty goth safe cracker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's an artistic impetuous soap star from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant hip-hop widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a radical bisexual snake charmer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a plucky Bolivian cab driver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a bloodthirsty Bolivian advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a violent hip-hop bodyguard with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a mentally unstable tempestuous fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a provocative psychic soap star from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant communist widow looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an artistic wisecracking museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured mute hooker with a flame-thrower. 
She's a vivacious insomniac lawyer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a cynical nymphomaniac schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's an orphaned paranoid fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted bisexual pearl diver from beyond the grave 
She's a tortured belly-dancing bodyguard with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac mercenary from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten streetsmart bodyguard from out of town. 
She's a provocative mute queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a hard-bitten blonde research scientist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a warm-hearted cigar-chomping archaeologist with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal tempestuous mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a violent communist hooker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a plucky extravagent bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a radical cigar-chomping archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a supernatural French-Canadian wrestler from out of town. 
She's a green-fingered paranoid mermaid on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a provocative belly-dancing lawyer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's an artistic kleptomaniac single mother from Mars. 
She's a foxy insomniac queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a bloodthirsty paranoid hooker who can talk to animals. 
She's a bloodthirsty nymphomaniac politician who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a wealthy hypochondriac magician's assistant with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a transdimensional gold-digging vampire living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a radical out-of-work Hell's Angel married to the Mob. 
She's a sarcastic punk single mother with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a hard-bitten snooty doctor who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic snooty mermaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking wisecracking cab driver descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a hard-bitten red-headed angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a radical junkie nun who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething socialite with an incredible destiny. 
