An artistic buddhist doctor with someone else's memories. 
A mistrustful tomboy hooker descended from a line of powerful witches. 
A cosmopolitan cigar-chomping soap star who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
A strong-willed mute vampire who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A foxy tempestuous advertising executive from out of town. 
A time-travelling extravagent bodyguard with an mba from harvard. 
A cold-hearted hypochondriac queen of the dead married to the mob. 
A strong-willed mute hell's angel from beyond the grave 
A bloodthirsty foul-mouthed doctor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
A manipulative nymphomaniac stripper who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A cosmopolitan streetsmart archaeologist on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
A sharp-shooting streetsmart cab driver with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
An enchanted psychic traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks. 
A blind paranoid snake charmer from beyond the grave 
A foxy hypochondriac detective from a secret island of warrior women. 
A psychotic red-headed snake charmer who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A hard-bitten gypsy pearl diver with an incredible destiny. 
A supernatural antique-collecting soap star from the wrong side of the tracks. 
A time-travelling punk single mother with the power to bend men's minds. 
An elegant hip-hop schoolgirl with an incredible destiny. 
An enchanted insomniac fairy princess from aristocratic european stock. 
A transdimensional gypsy hooker who can talk to animals. 
A psychotic tempestuous barmaid with her own daytime radio talk show. 
A mistrustful winged nun who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A provocative cigar-chomping politician with the power to see death. 
A vivacious winged stripper on the trail of a serial killer. 
A cosmopolitan winged opera singer from beyond the grave 
A ditzy paranoid traffic cop looking for love in all the wrong places. 
A warm-hearted out-of-work lawyer married to the mob. 
A foxy antique-collecting bounty hunter with an evil twin sister. 
An elegant tempestuous cab driver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
A sharp-shooting motormouth lawyer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
A manipulative communist bounty hunter in the witness protection scheme. 
A radical streetsmart mechanic with an incredible destiny. 
A chain-smoking junkie pearl diver from mars. 
A high-kicking communist politician who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
A beautiful junkie politician married to the mob. 
An enchanted african-american soap star who dreams of becoming elvis. 
A hard-bitten wisecracking magician's assistant with only herself to blame. 
An orphaned bolivian lawyer fleeing from a satanic cult. 
A cold-hearted snooty vampire with an evil twin sister. 
A sharp-shooting wisecracking mechanic from mars. 
A psychotic red-headed politician in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
A green-fingered goth bounty hunter who don't take no shit from nobody. 
A bloodthirsty foul-mouthed socialite who can talk to animals. 
A cold-hearted african-american cab driver who don't take no shit from nobody. 
A tortured bolivian cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
A chain-smoking belly-dancing single mother with the power to see death. 
A wealthy hip-hop widow with a flame-thrower. 
A mistrustful kleptomaniac vampire with her own daytime radio talk show. 