 She's a cosmopolitan mute archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a scantily clad tomboy magician's assistant who can talk to animals.
 She's an elegant gold-digging archaeologist with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a hard-bitten gold-digging fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a blind mute former first lady from beyond the grave
 She's a sharp-shooting tempestuous bounty hunter with someone else's memories.
 She's a mentally unstable belly-dancing stripper prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a disco-crazy hip-hop wrestler married to the Mob.
 She's a disco-crazy tempestuous former first lady looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a green-fingered renegade mechanic with an evil twin sister.
 She's a violent communist pearl diver from a different time and place.
 She's a mistrustful bisexual research scientist fleeing from a Satanic cult.
 She's a ditzy streetsmart mermaid from a different time and place.
 She's an enchanted paranoid barmaid from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a pregnant insomniac wrestler with a flame-thrower.
 She's a wealthy snooty opera singer from a family of eight older brothers.
 She's a plucky French-Canadian mechanic in the witness protection scheme.
 She's a high-kicking nymphomaniac lawyer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a bloodthirsty streetsmart angel trying to make a difference in a man's world.
 She's a cynical paranoid lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 She's a brilliant hip-hop safe cracker with someone else's memories.
 She's an orphaned cat-loving Valkyrie from a different time and place.
 She's a man-hating winged lawyer living on borrowed time.
 She's a cold-hearted blonde doctor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
 She's a psychotic communist soap star with her own daytime radio talk show.
 She's a sharp-shooting gypsy Hell's Angel with an evil twin sister.
 She's a brilliant extravagent hooker with the power to bend men's minds.
 She's a pregnant renegade mermaid with an MBA from Harvard.
 She's a virginal blonde bounty hunter from beyond the grave
 She's a warm-hearted wisecracking single mother trying to make a difference in a man's world.
 She's a virginal psychic archaeologist with the power to see death.
 She's an artistic wisecracking magician's assistant who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 She's a strong-willed gypsy nun with her own daytime radio talk show.
 She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a hard-bitten green-skinned schoolgirl with the power to see death.
 She's a foxy tomboy college professor from Mars.
 She's a warm-hearted communist wrestler with the power to see death.
 She's a provocative junkie politician looking for love in all the wrong places.
 She's a sarcastic gold-digging bounty hunter from a secret island of warrior women.
 She's a bloodthirsty hip-hop socialite descended from a line of powerful witches.
 She's a foxy impetuous socialite who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 She's a high-kicking cat-loving queen of the dead with only herself to blame.
 She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard who don't take no shit from nobody.
 She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks.
 She's a radical cigar-chomping widow with an evil twin sister.
 She's a bloodthirsty mute barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law.
 She's a manipulative goth soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 She's a pregnant French-Canadian femme fatale on the trail of a serial killer.
 She's a beautiful insomniac hooker with only herself to blame.
 She's a foxy French-Canadian angel in the witness protection scheme.