He's a globe-trotting amnesiac filmmaker on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a jaded one-eyed paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a war-weary Republican vampire hunter in a wheelchair.
He's an unconventional vegetarian photographer fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a benighted Catholic master criminal for the 21st century.
He's an otherworldly vegetarian vampire hunter on a search for his missing sister.
He's an uncontrollable guerilla werewolf with acid for blood.
He's a deeply religious day-dreaming farmboy with no name.
He's a hate-fuelled sweet-toothed librarian 
He's a war-weary moralistic cowboy in drag.
He's a hate-fuelled sweet-toothed paramedic with no name.
He's a scarfaced flyboy cowboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a scrappy skateboarding vampire hunter 
He's a one-legged hunchbacked firefighter with acid for blood.
He's a maverick neurotic rock star from the Mississippi delta.
He's an obese Republican card sharp gone bad.
He's a war-weary drug-addicted househusband with nothing left to lose.
He's a deeply religious drug-addicted cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a one-legged Jewish sorceror on the run.
He's an underprivileged bohemian matador on the edge.
He's an immortal flyboy senator moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting zombie filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
He's an uncontrollable Amish jungle king on a mission from God.
He's an all-American voodoo cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a short-sighted misogynist astronaut who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an oversexed ninja hairdresser on a mission from God.
He's an old-fashioned albino boxer from a doomed world.
He's a Nobel prize-winning amnesiac waffle chef on the run.
He's a deeply religious guerilla assassin who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a fast talking drug-addicted Green Beret on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an underprivileged dishevelled cop plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a shy shark-wrestling cop on his last day in the job.
He's a short-sighted umbrella-wielding card sharp who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling vampire hunter in drag.
He's an otherworldly pirate stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an ungodly moralistic librarian from the Mississippi delta.
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist romance novelist looking for 'the Big One.'
He's an underprivileged shark-wrestling assassin on the wrong side of the law.
He's an all-American vegetarian vampire hunter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a maverick Republican vagrant on the run.
He's a suave neurotic card sharp whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an obese crooked messiah for the 21st century.
He's a suicidal albino senator on the wrong side of the law.
He's a gun-slinging hunchbacked hairdresser on the edge.
He's an ungodly amnesiac photographer on a search for his missing sister.
He's a lonely voodoo vagrant moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a notorious misogynist boxer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
