He's a benighted bohemian romance novelist who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a jaded day-dreaming sorceror with no name.
He's a suicidal guerilla waffle chef living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a genetically engineered sweet-toothed inventor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's an ungodly white trash dwarf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a suicidal devious matador on the edge.
He's a short-sighted bohemian matador on the wrong side of the law.
He's an all-American Jewish stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a sword-wielding hunchbacked dwarf with nothing left to lose.
He's a benighted overambitious boxer who believes he can never love again.
He's an uncontrollable pirate paramedic on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a maverick Republican dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a suicidal amnesiac ex-con in a wheelchair.
He's an uncontrollable guitar-strumming messiah who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a scrappy coffee-fuelled ex-con on the edge.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a one-legged pirate boxer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a scrappy guerilla card sharp from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable neurotic rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an immortal Amish librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a fast talking amnesiac jungle king with nothing left to lose.
He's a leather-clad devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a genetically engineered voodoo cowboy from the Mississippi delta.
He's a scarfaced moralistic cop with a secret.
He's an otherworldly arachnophobic senator from the 'hood.
He's an impetuous chivalrous dog-catcher on the edge.
He's a scrappy misogynist shaman gone bad.
He's a globe-trotting playboy gentleman spy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a maverick shark-wrestling shaman on the wrong side of the law.
He's a time-tossed misogynist librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an all-American alcoholic cat burglar with a secret.
He's a jaded one-eyed dog-catcher living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an oversexed guerilla werewolf who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a genetically engineered Catholic senator looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a leather-clad bohemian matador who believes he can never love again.
He's a lonely skateboarding photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a war-weary alcoholic firefighter with no name.
He's a suicidal bohemian ex-con from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable misogynist jungle king looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an ungodly guerilla firefighter on a search for his missing sister.
He's a war-weary shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a suicidal dishevelled romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an all-American arachnophobic cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic paramedic with nothing left to lose.
He's a fiendish moralistic senator on a mission from God.
He's a short-sighted day-dreaming cop who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding romance novelist from the Mississippi delta.
He's a genetically engineered amnesiac gentleman spy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a scarfaced chivalrous cop living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a fiendish native American barbarian on a mission from God.
