He's an old-fashioned playboy jungle king haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a lounge-singing shark-wrestling Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a fast talking voodoo filmmaker from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a world-famous day-dreaming assassin looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an unconventional small-town jungle king gone bad. 
He's a lonely soccer-playing werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an ungodly playboy farmboy with a secret. 
He's a hate-fuelled guitar-strumming librarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a bookish guitar-strumming hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an immortal neurotic sorceror looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scrappy skateboarding photographer whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a shy sweet-toothed filmmaker who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a fast talking devious messiah from a doomed world. 
He's a lounge-singing vegetarian senator for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy devious cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a gun-slinging amnesiac inventor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a short-sighted voodoo farmboy gone bad. 
He's a jaded Amish farmboy on a search for his missing sister. 
He's an unconventional sweet-toothed ex-con on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a scarfaced gay hairdresser with no name. 
He's an underprivileged white trash cop  
He's a fiendish drug-addicted vampire hunter who believes he can never love again. 
He's a scarfaced vegetarian sorceror in a wheelchair. 
He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming vagrant in a wheelchair. 
He's an ungodly day-dreaming shaman from the 'hood. 
He's an ungodly zombie paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an unconventional white trash waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a jaded white trash romance novelist gone bad. 
He's a fiendish hunchbacked cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an unconventional crooked vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding dwarf haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled shaman with nothing left to lose. 
He's a leather-clad ninja card sharp for the 21st century. 
He's a suicidal Catholic barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a world-famous coffee-fuelled vampire hunter with a secret. 
He's an otherworldly overambitious ex-con with a secret. 
He's a lounge-singing one-eyed assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted Green Beret with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a suicidal Republican cat burglar with acid for blood. 
He's an impetuous overambitious filmmaker with acid for blood. 
He's an all-American playboy cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an oversexed sweet-toothed vampire hunter with no name. 
He's an oversexed ninja firefighter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a sword-wielding flyboy card sharp from a doomed world. 
He's a lonely one-eyed romance novelist with no name. 
He's a fiendish Catholic jungle king on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an all-American Amish farmboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a maverick white trash assassin on a mission from God. 
He's a notorious small-town werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a maverick one-eyed gentleman spy with a passion for fast cars. 
