A genetically engineered voodoo barbarian on the run. 
A superhumanly strong skateboarding barbarian haunted by an iconic dead american confidante 
A globe-trotting day-dreaming stage actor from a doomed world. 
A scarfaced small-town cyborg haunted by memories of 'nam. 
An obese neurotic gangster on a search for his missing sister. 
A sword-wielding flyboy jungle king gone bad. 
A deeply religious chivalrous boxer from the mississippi delta. 
A scarfaced bohemian vampire hunter looking for 'the big one.' 
A leather-clad chivalrous assassin gone bad. 
A suave shark-wrestling astronaut whom everyone believes is mad. 
A suave neurotic vagrant with no name. 
An otherworldly umbrella-wielding dwarf with a secret. 
An obese moralistic librarian whom everyone believes is mad. 
A fiendish sweet-toothed farmboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
A one-legged voodoo astronaut  
A shy republican assassin with nothing left to lose. 
A benighted chivalrous gentleman spy in a wheelchair. 
An old-fashioned amish gentleman spy on the wrong side of the law. 
A leather-clad amish cowboy with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
A witless amnesiac gentleman spy who must take medication to keep him sane. 
A benighted skateboarding cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
A superhumanly strong alcoholic grifter who dotes on his loving old ma. 
A suicidal white trash dwarf in a wheelchair. 
A lounge-singing voodoo cyborg fleeing from a secret government programme. 
A war-weary misogynist househusband in drag. 
An all-american amish librarian on the wrong side of the law. 
A witless coffee-fuelled barbarian in drag. 
An otherworldly gay rock star whom everyone believes is mad. 
A globe-trotting crooked cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma. 
A fiendish moralistic sorceror in a wheelchair. 
An unconventional catholic gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
A shy alcoholic matador with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
A witless soccer-playing card sharp with acid for blood. 
A gun-slinging drug-addicted jungle king who must take medication to keep him sane. 
A bookish vegetarian cowboy on his last day in the job. 
An otherworldly overambitious werewolf haunted by memories of 'nam. 
A one-legged albino stage actor with a passion for fast cars. 
A scarfaced catholic sorceror haunted by memories of 'nam. 
A benighted coffee-fuelled househusband  
A nobel prize-winning misogynist paranormal investigator with a secret. 
A deeply religious pirate waffle chef on a search for his missing sister. 
An impetuous guerilla paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad. 
A superhumanly strong jewish gangster gone bad. 
A globe-trotting albino card sharp who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
A gun-slinging drug-addicted cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
A gun-slinging day-dreaming sorceror with a secret. 
A notorious skateboarding gentleman spy with a secret. 
A maverick amnesiac card sharp with a secret. 
A scrappy moralistic filmmaker with nothing left to lose. 
A suicidal coffee-fuelled romance novelist searching for his wife's true killer. 