He's an uncontrollable playboy assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese small-town vampire hunter on the run. 
He's an unconventional native American cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an uncontrollable misogynist househusband on the edge. 
He's a lonely sweet-toothed vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American neurotic jungle king in a wheelchair. 
He's an old-fashioned one-eyed cyborg plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an otherworldly skateboarding gentleman spy on the edge. 
He's a one-legged umbrella-wielding stage actor whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a fiendish misogynist photographer in drag. 
He's a world-famous zombie romance novelist with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked astronaut with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a jaded chivalrous cowboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a scrappy crooked hairdresser on his last day in the job. 
He's a deeply religious devious dwarf with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an uncontrollable small-town farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con from a doomed world. 
He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp gone bad. 
He's a time-tossed soccer-playing boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an ungodly chivalrous paranormal investigator with acid for blood. 
He's an unconventional moralistic paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's a deeply religious devious cyborg on the edge. 
He's an obese crooked cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a bookish white trash sorceror  
He's a lounge-singing crooked vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a benighted coffee-fuelled cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian househusband on a mission from God. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic werewolf plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a superhumanly strong drug-addicted photographer on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a fast talking white trash grifter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a suave skateboarding Green Beret on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a scrappy devious assassin looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scrappy skateboarding firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a bookish day-dreaming paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a shy skateboarding vagrant looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a witless flyboy cowboy on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an all-American bohemian librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a lonely Catholic paramedic on the run. 
He's a superhumanly strong playboy cat burglar who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a witless coffee-fuelled werewolf in drag. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling gentleman spy on a mission from God. 
He's a leather-clad ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an underprivileged drug-addicted barbarian in drag. 
He's a sword-wielding Republican messiah who believes he can never love again. 
He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed senator with acid for blood. 
He's a globe-trotting skateboarding stage actor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suicidal umbrella-wielding vagrant on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an old-fashioned neurotic librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's a suave small-town Green Beret who must take medication to keep him sane. 
