He's a world-famous shark-wrestling barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an ungodly arachnophobic boxer who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a fiendish hunchbacked barbarian plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an underprivileged voodoo paranormal investigator who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an immortal pirate gangster who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's an uncontrollable native American barbarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a one-legged Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's an old-fashioned vegetarian assassin on his last day in the job. 
He's an obese gay cop who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an underprivileged sweet-toothed cyborg on a mission from God. 
He's an obese pirate gangster who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a jaded zombie gangster who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a shy amnesiac cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a suave crooked househusband plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional moralistic gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a superhumanly strong soccer-playing cat burglar on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an uncontrollable native American cat burglar for the 21st century. 
He's a maverick native American househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suicidal zombie cat burglar possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a fiendish small-town grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an underprivileged moralistic gentleman spy who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a short-sighted chivalrous assassin from the 'hood. 
He's a lonely neurotic filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling waffle chef looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an oversexed small-town barbarian in drag. 
He's a lonely native American paramedic on his last day in the job. 
He's an old-fashioned small-town dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a benighted playboy dog-catcher haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a war-weary neurotic cyborg searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic stage actor on his last day in the job. 
He's an uncontrollable guitar-strumming gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding sorceror on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a maverick amnesiac dwarf on the run. 
He's a scrappy Republican vagrant with acid for blood. 
He's a fast talking zombie master criminal on the edge. 
He's an uncontrollable drug-addicted barbarian for the 21st century. 
He's a bookish alcoholic dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an oversexed umbrella-wielding gangster on a mission from God. 
He's an ungodly misogynist gangster searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a fast talking Amish card sharp with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an oversexed day-dreaming assassin with a secret. 
He's a scrappy guerilla filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a jaded coffee-fuelled matador for the 21st century. 
He's a lounge-singing bohemian grifter with acid for blood. 
He's an oversexed devious paranormal investigator who believes he can never love again. 
He's a fiendish native American paramedic on a mission from God. 
He's a one-legged Jewish barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an ungodly gay filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
