He's a world-famous guitar-strumming shaman on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a genetically engineered umbrella-wielding inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a world-famous drug-addicted vagrant gone bad. 
He's a maverick drug-addicted shaman from a doomed world. 
He's a war-weary vegetarian househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a genetically engineered devious grifter with a secret. 
He's a leather-clad overambitious card sharp on a search for his missing sister. 
He's an impetuous white trash card sharp plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a world-famous Catholic farmboy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a gun-slinging gay boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a benighted white trash vampire hunter with acid for blood. 
He's a short-sighted Amish grifter gone bad. 
He's an otherworldly bohemian sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled filmmaker from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a lonely guitar-strumming paramedic with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a maverick bohemian dog-catcher in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac waffle chef from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a globe-trotting neurotic paranormal investigator whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an oversexed skateboarding rock star with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an all-American soccer-playing farmboy on the run. 
He's a suicidal neurotic card sharp whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a suave Amish boxer from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a scarfaced devious vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a deeply religious devious filmmaker for the 21st century. 
He's an otherworldly neurotic card sharp with a secret. 
He's a benighted vegetarian barbarian who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor trapped in a world he never made. 
He's an immortal Catholic photographer on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a suave moralistic grifter who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong umbrella-wielding librarian whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a time-tossed neurotic househusband looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a scarfaced devious cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an all-American playboy hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's an ungodly skateboarding card sharp who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a benighted soccer-playing stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling librarian searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a scarfaced bohemian inventor with nothing left to lose. 
He's a witless crooked card sharp searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suave crooked astronaut with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an impetuous pirate ex-con fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a benighted native American senator with a secret. 
He's a hate-fuelled overambitious vampire hunter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a notorious albino firefighter from the 'hood. 
He's a suicidal white trash farmboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a time-tossed guerilla paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a gun-slinging albino firefighter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a benighted misogynist jungle king who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a deeply religious Amish firefighter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's an ungodly ninja dog-catcher on a mission from God. 