He's a shy small-town rock star who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a shy playboy cyborg on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a genetically engineered shark-wrestling farmboy on the edge.
He's a suicidal playboy werewolf with a secret.
He's a scrappy devious sorceror from the Mississippi delta.
He's an unconventional shark-wrestling barbarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless albino waffle chef from the 'hood.
He's a benighted skateboarding werewolf looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a world-famous amnesiac gangster on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a deeply religious playboy card sharp plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an old-fashioned alcoholic cat burglar possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a scrappy misogynist astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an obese overambitious messiah on the edge.
He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling jungle king who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a benighted alcoholic cyborg from a doomed world.
He's a shy Amish rock star whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a genetically engineered arachnophobic vagrant gone bad.
He's a bookish soccer-playing messiah plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an otherworldly native American card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a shy pirate grifter trapped in a world he never made.
He's a short-sighted white trash stage actor on the edge.
He's a suave ninja barbarian gone bad.
He's an unconventional white trash firefighter looking for 'the Big One.'
He's an all-American skateboarding grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an impetuous soccer-playing farmboy with no name.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled vagrant from a doomed world.
He's an underprivileged moralistic vampire hunter with no name.
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding grifter 
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a genetically engineered gay farmboy in a wheelchair.
He's a maverick small-town cat burglar who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming farmboy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a notorious one-eyed boxer who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a world-famous crooked senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a one-legged guitar-strumming boxer in drag.
He's a fast talking soccer-playing shaman gone bad.
He's a lounge-singing Republican astronaut haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a scarfaced bohemian househusband with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a one-legged guerilla Green Beret with no name.
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled messiah on his last day in the job.
He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding jungle king on the run.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming inventor who believes he can never love again.
He's a maverick white trash gangster on the run.
He's a scarfaced overambitious ex-con looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a benighted amnesiac stage actor who believes he can never love again.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed paranormal investigator in a wheelchair.
He's a benighted sweet-toothed photographer on the edge.
He's an all-American vegetarian househusband looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a world-famous guerilla jungle king with nothing left to lose.
